doc changes for Github Artifacts (#593)
rapidsai/docs: resources/github-actions.md

## Downloading CI Artifacts

> Artifacts from both pull-requests and branch builds can be accessed on the Github UI for the specific workflow run, found in the Actions tab of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Artifacts from both pull-requests and branch builds can be accessed on the GitHub UI for the specific workflow run, found in the Actions tab of the repository.
```

![](/assets/images/workflow-ui.png)

There is also a link provided in the `Run actions/upload-artifact@v4` step of every C++ and Python build job where the build artifacts for that particular job can be accessed.

![](/assets/images/downloads-github.png)

This link downloads the required artifact as a zip file.

> This can also be done using `ghcli` using the following command to download the artifact. This command also unzips the artifact to the destination location:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can also be done using the following `gh` CLI command to download the artifact. This command also unzips the artifact to the destination location:
```

```sh
gh run download <workflow-run-id> --repo <repo-name> --name <artifact-name> --dir <destination-directory>
```

For example, to download the artifact `rmm_conda_python_cuda11_py311_x86_64` from the workflow run ID `14437867406` on the `rmm` repository into the `/artifacts` directory, you can use this command:

```sh
gh run download 14437867406 --repo rapidsai/rmm --name rmm_conda_python_cuda11_py311_x86_64 --dir /artifacts
```

## Using Conda CI Artifacts Locally

> The artifacts that result from running `conda build` are conda channels. RAPIDS' CI system uploads these conda channels to GitHub Artifacts as zipfiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The artifacts that result from running `conda build` are conda channels. RAPIDS' CI system uploads these conda channels to GitHub Artifacts as zip files.
```

> The packages in the conda channel can be used by downloading the artifact to your local filesystem using `ghcli` and using the resulting path in your conda commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The packages in the conda channel can be used by downloading the artifact to your local filesystem using `gh` CLI and using the resulting path in your conda commands.
```

For example, the following snippet will download an artifact for `librmm` from workflow run ID `14437867406` and install it into the active conda environment:

```sh
# Download and extract the artifact
gh run download 14437867406 --repo rapidsai/rmm -name rmm_conda_cpp_cuda11_x86_64 --dir local_channel
mamba install --channel file://local_channel --channel rapidsai-nightly --channel conda-forge --channel nvidia librmm
```

Note: Make sure you have the GitHub CLI (`gh`) installed and authenticated on your host machine to download artifacts from GitHub Artifacts. To download artifacts made for a specific PR, replace the workflow run ID with the ID of the run triggered by the PR branch.

## Using Wheel CI Artifacts Locally

> RAPIDS' CI system compresses the wheels that it builds into zipfiles and uploads them to GitHub Artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAPIDS' CI system compresses the wheels that it builds into zip files and uploads them to GitHub Artifacts.
```

> The wheels can be used byby downloading the artifact to your local filesystem using `ghcli` and using the resulting path in your pip commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wheels can be used by downloading the artifact to your local filesystem using `gh` CLI and using the resulting path in your pip commands.
```
